I
like a min
once the darkness reigned
but this shines for
Jesus righteous name's Nick I'm at
Marcel sammamish worship director there
and I lead the band The Dispatch
Stan
summer 2012 I started retrained one of
the log-off's guys came down and kind of
presented log-off's to all the students
start using it for writing my papers for
retrain and one of our jobs was to pick
a book of the Bible that we were going
to write three essays on visions chapter
two is just huge and I really wanted to
to write a song that tried to grab that
all really but with the theme of were
saved by the grace of Jesus and not
anything on our own I used Lagos a lot
for that you know being able to have a
couple different translations of the
Bible open I could be kind of comparing
just trying to grab words and get
inspiration for how I wanted to say
something just getting inside on themes
through this scripture was huge
by his grace started with the chorus so
just kind of trying to grab the kind of
overarching theme of Ephesians 2 and
then once once the course is there kind
of all right now what are you do the
verses and and the way that ended up
working was methodically through the
chapter and not every song has to be
like that at all i think it's cool that
that uh that song did
this is nick from mars hill and the
dispatch and i use logos for something
sup